hey guys so a lot of my reviews and
different videos about what I use my
iPad for are pretty much how I use it
for productivity and doing work and
going to school etc today I just wanted
to you know let you know that I do use
it for entertainment purposes also so I
just want to go over a few apps that I
use on a daily basis and a couple of
apps that i just found they're actually
really cool that I want to share with
you guys so for entertainment what i
like to use I use netflix a lot on my
iPad also use hulu as well as xfinity TV
if you have Xfinity or a comcast hookup
you can watch all of the shows that are
on demand on your iPad you can also use
the iPad as a remote for xfinity so
that's really fun I read the news on my
iPad every single day sometimes multiple
times a day my favorite however is
Flipboard but Mashable and site are kind
of up there on you know my top 5 list of
course I listen to music I listen to my
pandora I have VEVO on here and it's
always nice touch to play around with
GarageBand if I have a few minutes to
spare and as for social apps you know I
have my pad for my facebook I'm oh which
connects a facebook AOL instant
messenger yahoo and like gmail messenger
into like one app so you have all your
friends lists in one and so that's kind
of nice that it condenses it also it's
right there for you textplus is just a
text app that I use when I don't want to
use my actual text messages on my phone
so that's just kind of nice and it saves
me a few bucks so these new apps so one
is called air bean it's right there it
says air being strange real-time video
between iphones iPad and I
pads to get started launch air beam on a
second device and so my second device
i'm going to use today is my ipod touch
2nd generation but i've also done this
on my iphone so that works great too so
what i can do is i can use the ipad as a
camera so it's starting up the camera so
right now all it is is taking pictures
of like my table because i'm using the
back camera but what i can do is going
to air beam on my ipod it hooks up
automatically and so now i see
everything that my ipad sees so if i
take my ipad go around
it sees everything that my ipad sees so
i thought that that was actually really
cool you can use that as i don't know i
guess if you have a child as a little
you know nanny cam or I don't know if
you have a class with a friend your
friend is sick but they still want to
see the lecture maybe you can tape the
lecture and they can watch it in real
time I'm in their dorm room I don't know
the options are just you know infinite
you can use it for a whole lot it's
really nice I check it out another one
that I just found I'll actually show it
first on my ipod because you need both
to work it it's called imp ad and so it
makes it so your ipod touch or your
iphone are a controller and then the
ipad has different games and so will
open up snick because i really like
snick it's really fun right so you open
that up single player will do battle
mode okay it finds your iPad right there
on your ipod and again I've done this
with my iphone to that works just as
well okay sets that up push start so now
my ipod is a controller
oh man I'm doing pretty bad here but I
just thought this was really cool um
okay I'm just I'm just gonna stop
because I'm doing pretty bad right now
okay so here's another game that it has
for it is called plane but same concept
you use your iPad or your iPhone as a
controller and it's really cool you can
play multiplayer up to like four
different people if they have an ipod or
if they have an iphone on just download
back the controller app and it'll work
out the games are currently free there's
two out there they're both free however
you do have to pay 99 cents for the
controller but I mean for this kind of
you know innovation and I think it's
worth it I mean for 99 cents you give
the controller and the games are free so
that's three things we get 4 99 cents I
think it's completely worth it and I
definitely recommend it so I have
numerous games all sorts of things but
those are some of the top things that I
do on my iPad and of course words with
friends is on that list too but I'm
pretty sure no one needs you know or
review or anything of that so thanks for
watching if you liked the video thumbs
up you have any questions please comment
below and subscribe if you like have a
great day